St DAVID’S MOORABBIN CHURCH COMMUNICATION

Third Sunday of Advent 14th December 2025


CALENDAR  

Sunday Worship Service: at 09:00 AM. All are welcome.

Wednesday Communion Service: In Recess

Mother’s Union: First Tuesday every month at 12:00 PM

English Conversation Classes: In Recess

Men’s Fellowship : First Friday every month at 6 PM

Parish Council Meeting : 16th Dec  7pm


Notices

    Christmas Eve Service 24/12       5pm and 10pm

    Christmas Day Service 25/12       9am

    Bishop Paul Visit 28/12     9am

    Thank You for those who help decorate the Church for Christmas


READINGS - This Sunday

Isaiah 35:1-10

Psalm 146

James 5: 7-10

Matthew 11: 2-11

HYMNS - This Sunday



Tell out my soul

God has spoken by His prophets

I want to walk as a child of the light

My God, accept my heart this day

Joy to the world

ROSTERS -This Sunday


Reader:   Pat and Godfred 

Prayer :    Rodney  

Chalice :   Marilyn  

Welcome: Robyn

Server:     Marilyn

IT Desk:   Mark and Margaret

PPT     :    Mark
	

READINGS - Next Sunday

Isaiah 7:10-16

Psalm 80:1-7, 17-19

Romans: 1: 1-7

Matthew1: 18-25

HYMNS - Next Sunday

O come O come Emmanuel

The angel Gabriel from heaven came

Once in royal David’s city

O little town of Bethlehem

Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord


ROSTERS -NEXT SUNDAY

Reader:     Sue R and Sue S  

Prayer :     Trish      

Chalice :    Ross

Welcome:  Beth

Server:       Ross

IT Desk:     Brian and Bob

PPT     :     Wendy

    PRAYERS  

    Pray for everyone and household, and also Helen, Jan, Ione, Bev, Dawn, Arnot, Daphne, Glenys, Betty, Jeannie, Mark, Simon, Valerie, Gail, Susan, Irene, Barbara …from all harm and

    strengthen them in body, mind and spirit  and keep them in perfect health now and always..

    Pray for all Christmas preparation: a time of worship, family reunion and close with Jesus

    Pray for peace, war victims, international relationship

    Thank God for all volunteers, helpers , wardens, members of Parish Council.

    Please God to heal and prepare Vicar Michelle to return to us. Thank God for Rev Paul, Lay Minister Trish and acting Vicar Jessica.

    Please God to help us finding another organist or ways for music ministry while Andi is gone

    Thank God for the Thrift Shop and the English Classes . Kerrie and Wendy and all teachers deserve a good break . Praise God for their dedicated work throughout the year

    Pray for a good Parish Council meeting next Tuesday evening

   

 A thought from John Piper, in book ‘ The Passion of Jesus Christ’

We are made to experience full and lasting happiness from seeing and savoring the glory of God. If our best joy comes from something less, we are idolaters and God is dishonored. He created us in such a way that his glory is displayed through our joy in it. The gospel of Christ is the good news that at the cost of his Son’s life, God has done everything necessary to enthrall us with what will make us eternally and ever-increasingly happy, namely, himself. Long before Christ come, God revealed himself as the source of full and lasting pleasure. ‘ You make known to me the path of life, in your presence there is fullness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures forevermore.’ (Psalm 16:11) Then He sent Christ to suffer ‘ that he might bring us to God.’ This means He sent Christ to bring us to the deepest, longest joy a human can have. Hear then the invitation: Turn from ‘ the fleeting pleasures of sin’ ( Hebrews 11:25 ) and come to ‘ pleasures forevermore’ Come to Christ.



ONLINE M DaoINISTRY LINK
Facebook icon
Website icon
CLICK HERE YOUTUBE LIVE LINK

Contact us

Tel: 03 9555 1037         Email: stdavidsmoorabbin@gmail.com
CHURCH ONLINE GIVING

Bendigo Bank     BSB: 633 108

AC: 1547 98383

View email in browser
|IFNOT:ARCHIVE_PAGE|*ST David's Moorabbin Anglican Church · 4 Redholm Street · MOORABBIN, Vic 3189 · Australia
update your preferences or unsubscribe
Email Marketing Powered by Mailchimp
