St DAVID’S MOORABBIN CHURCH COMMUNICATION

Third Sunday in Lent  8th March 2026

The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart,

O God, you will not despise.Psalm 51: 17

CALENDAR  


Sunday Worship Service: at 09:00 AM. All are welcome

Please bring new people, and bring generous gifts to bless our church

Thrift Shop and Cafe: Tue Wed Thur

Wednesday Communion Service:  1:30pm

Mother’s Union: Every First Tuesday 12Pm

English Conversation Classes:  Wed  Thur 10:30-12:30 pm  

Men’s Fellowship : First Friday  6pm

Lenten Studies   Wed  7:30pm  Church Hall

Healing Service 15th March   2pm

Parish Council Meeting 17/3 Tue 7pm

Tai Chi Practice Mon Tue Thur 10am  Halley Park on Jasper Road

Betty Ketels Memorial Service 20/3 Fri 2pm



Thank All who have been helping to look after kitchen work and Morning Tea

Please help to bring some frozen party pies and sausages to store for needs

Rev Jessica Cheung works 2 days per week. Please email her ‘ revjcheung@yahoo.com’

or ring her on 0403380837 for any concerns and matters

Aaron the Pianist won’t be available on  22/3


Let Us Pray: Bountiful God, give to this parish a faithful pastor who will faithfully speak your word and minister your sacraments; an encourager who will equip your people for ministry and enable us to fulfil our calling. Give to those who will  choose, wisdom, discernment and patience, and to us give warm and generous hearts, for Christ’s sake. Amen

READINGS - This Sunday



Exodus 17: 1-7

Psalm 95

Romans 5: 1-11

John 4: 5-42

HYMNS - This Sunday


Let us sing to the God of Salvation

The great love of God

I heard the voice of Jesus say

God forgave my sin

To God be the glory

ROSTERS -This Sunday



Reader:      Sue S and Godfred

Prayer :      Rodney

Chalice :    Marilyn

Welcome:  Bev

Server:       Marilyn

IT Desk:     Mark R and Margaret H

PPT     :     Wendy Fu

Morning Tea: Pat
	

READINGS - Next Sunday

1 Samuel 16: 1-13

Psalm 23

Ephesians 5: 8-14

John 9: 1- 41


HYMNS - Next Sunday

I, the Lord of sea and sky

The King of love my shepherd is

Shine Jesus Shine

Christ be our light

I will sing the wondrous story

ROSTERS -NEXT SUNDAY          

Reader:     Muriel and Shyanna

Prayer :     Marilyn

Chalice :    Ross

Welcome:  Bev  

Server:       Ross 

IT Desk:     Mark and Bob

PPT     :      Lynne Marks

Morning Tea: Sue R

    PRAYERS  

    Remember Iran America Israel China Russia and all affected in the war zones.  .

    Pray for  the  Nominators seeking the new Vicar. Pray for guidance from the Diocese

    Pray for  Ione in the care facilities. Pray for Ross and Judy , Valarie, Helen, Wayne , Mark S

    and all who need healing and recovery. Pray for Rev Michelle for her health, family and ongoing plans in transition. Thank God that they have a new home in Ascot Vale.

    Thank God for all volunteers, helpers , wardens, members of Parish Council. Pray for the cafe, the Mothers’ Union and the Men’s group. Pray for extra teachers for the booming English classes and relevant pastoral ministries.  Thank God that Beth H ,  Hilary and Michael have agreed to help. Thanks Rodney, Marita and Ling being always the excellent teachers. Pray for a safe and happy excursion trip on 11/3 for Rodney’s class.

    Please God to heal and comfort all those who are sick and unwell in our parish and families.  May God help us to name all the sick and needy people individually in prayers, and to care for them tenderly. Pray particularly for Bishop Kate and the grieving family. Pray for the

    Ketels family in organizing Betty’ memorial Service and ash interment on 20/3 March 2pm.

    Thank God for Aaron our pianist. Thank Muriel for helping us to connect and seek.

    Please God to comfort and strengthen the  distressed, the depressed, the distraught , the vulnerable, and those who are feeling insecure and miserable over any matters bothering them

    Please God to grant us faith, trust, courage, resilience  when we face loss and changes

    Pray  for Lent and our Lenten Studies on Wed 7:30pm. Thanks Sue S for leading

    Thank God for Bob and Wendy. Praise God for Bob’s Innovation Program with Swinburne University. May God bless their profession, business, and status living in Australia.

    Pray for more to participate the Job Seekers program and help our busy work in the parish.

    Pray for less vandalism, and wisdom for Wardens to handle all troubles caused.

    Pray for Trish’s move . Pray for house auction on 14/3. Thank God for Trish’s wonderful ministry




   

Birthdays In March :

1/3 Lynne Marks   Nicole Kendrick

5/3  Peter Ogdin

8/3  Brian Guinane  Harold Wan Twest

9/3  Mardia Paerau   13/3 Glenys Basterfield     18/3 Brian Stimpson

19/3 Hilary Atkinson 21/3 Bethany Stimpson Tharani Mahendran

25/3 Trish Shibaoka   28/3 Judy Newton


Lenten studies Wed 7:30pm in the church hall.

Please come!



Recommended Bush Fire Donation : Cobram Lions Club

                                                                  Bendigo Bank Highett

                                                                        Victorian Bushfire Appeal

            Further details please consult Mark R, Rodney, William , Ross


A Prayer for Joy:

O God, our heavenly Father, you rejoice over your people with gladness;

And in your presence there is fullness of joy and pleasures for evermore;

though we do not yet see you, give us in this world the inextinguishable joy

of your Spirit, and in your heavenly kingdom righteousness and joy,

so that people everywhere may know your delight in the return of every sinner. Through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.







ONLINE M DaoINISTRY LINK
Facebook icon
Website icon
CLICK HERE YOUTUBE LIVE LINK

Contact us

Tel: 03 9555 1037         Email: stdavidsmoorabbin@gmail.com
CHURCH ONLINE GIVING

Bendigo Bank     BSB: 633 108

AC: 1547 98383

View email in browser
|IFNOT:ARCHIVE_PAGE|*ST David's Moorabbin Anglican Church · 4 Redholm Street · MOORABBIN, Vic 3189 · Australia
update your preferences or unsubscribe
Email Marketing Powered by Mailchimp
